ENH Adds file extension selection to load_files (#19747)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.0.rst

- |Enhancement| :func:`datasets.fetch_kddcup99` raises a better message
  when the cached file is invalid. :pr:`19669` `Thomas Fan`_.

> - |Feature| load_files now allows users to include a blocklist and 
>    an allowlist. :pr:`19747` by :user:`Tony Attalla <tonyattalla>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Feature| :func:`datasets.load_files` now accepts a ignore list and
  an allow list based on file extensions. :pr:`19747` by
  :user:`Tony Attalla <tonyattalla>`.
```
